here's one of 37 made in 1960 es330 T
Gibson collector grade it's like
spotless even smells new it's not a
million dollars this p90 sounds like a
million dollars comes in a pretty neat
case to even know it's something to be
desired
Oh
I look back on the site I'm not happy
with the pitchers Red's a heart film red
is the hard color to film on these days
I'm gonna learn how to right now it's
not looking red as I wrote and write up
that is deep dark red 1960 they made
Gibson made 88 in natural and only 37 of
these and cherry this was a collector
own it's a little blue zacks big time
it's got light whether checking all
around it's one hundred percent just as
I stated slightest can be pretty loud
not even plugged in this baby probably
got stories to tell but I don't know
what they're at look at the case i have
to say somebody was under some kind of
influence doing this case still I think
all cases ought to have a chain handle
like that what do you think Eddie Van
Halen wasn't even old enough to hold a
guitar dad somebody already thought it
before he did